p8105_hw1_ah4167
================
Aiying Huang
2023-09-14

``` r
library("moderndive")
data("early_january_weather")
```

# Description of the dataset:

- The dataset contains weather-related information of EWR for the year
  2013, specifically for the month of January. The variables in this
  dataset including origin, year, month, day, hour, temp, dewp, humid,
  wind_dir, wind_speed, wind_gust, precip, pressure, visib, time_hour,
  their descriptions are:

1.origin: This variable is of character type, indicating the source from
which the weather data originates. It appears to be a EWR airport.

2.year: This variable represents the year of the data, which is 2013 in
this case. All the data entries in this dataset are from the year 2013.

3.month: The “month” variable denotes the month of the year, which is
January in this dataset. The data seems to be limited to January 2013.

4.day: This variable represents the day of the month, whose range is 1,
15. It indicates the specific day within January 2013.

5.hour: The “hour” variable represents the hour of the day, whose range
is 0, 23. It specifies the time within each day.

6.temp: This variable represents the temperature, likely in degrees
Fahrenheit, with values ranging from a minimum of 24.08 to a maximum of
57.92.

7.dewp: The “dewp” variable is likely the dew point temperature, also in
degrees Fahrenheit. It ranges from a minimum of 8.96 to a maximum of
53.06.

8.humid: This variable represents the humidity level, with values
ranging from a minimum of 32.86 to a maximum of 100.

9.wind_dir: The “wind_dir” variable likely represents wind direction,
measured in degrees. It ranges from 0 to 360, indicating different wind
directions. And there are missing values in this variable.

10.wind_speed: This variable represents wind speed, likely measured in
some relevant unit (e.g., miles per hour). It ranges from a minimum of 0
to a maximum of 24.16638.

11.wind_gust: The “wind_gust” variable appears to be related to wind
gust speed, with values ranging from a minimum of 16.11092 to a maximum
of 31.07106. And there are missing values in this variable.

12.precip: This variable likely represents precipitation, possibly in
inches or another relevant unit. It has a range from a minimum of 0 to a
maximum of 0.19.

13.pressure: The “pressure” variable is likely atmospheric pressure,
possibly in millibars or another relevant unit. It ranges from a minimum
of 1010.8 to a maximum of 1034.4. And there are missing values in this
variable.

14.visib: This variable represents visibility, which may be measured in
miles or another unit. It includes a quartile statistic with a minimum
of 0.12 and a maximum of 10.

15.time_hour: This variable seems to indicate the timestamp for each
data point, likely in the format “YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS.SS.” It specifies
the exact time and date of each observation.

- The dataset has 358 rows and 15 columns.

- The mean temperature is about 39.58.
